databases: Fix and extend @sql.prepend/append docs (#1520)
cap-js/docs: guides/databases.md

  a potential name mapping yourself, for example, for structured elements.

- Annotation `@sql.prepend` is only supported for entities translating to tables. It can't be used with views nor with elements.
- For SAP HANA tables, there's an implicit `@sql.prepend: 'COLUMN'` that is overwritten by an explicitly provided `@sql.prepend`.

* Both `@sql.prepend` and `@sql.append` are disallowed in SaaS extension projects.

If you use native database clauses in combination with `@cds.persistence.journal`, see [Schema Evolution Support of Native Database Clauses](databases-hana#schema-evolution-native-db-clauses).

> #### Creating a row table on SAP HANA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Creating a Row Table on SAP HANA
```

By using `@sql.prepend: 'ROW'`, you can create a row table:

```cds
@sql.prepend: 'ROW'
entity E {
  key id: Integer;
}
```

> Running the above through `cds compile - 2 hdbtable` will result in the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `cds compile - 2 hdbtable` on the previous sample and this is the result:
```

```sql [E.hdbtable]
ROW TABLE E (
  id INTEGER NOT NULL,
  PRIMARY KEY(id)
)
```

> 

Reviewer: How about adding a link here?
```suggestion

[Learn more about Columnar and Row-Based Data Storage](https://help.sap.com/docs/hana-cloud-database/sap-hana-cloud-sap-hana-database-administration-guide/columnar-and-row-based-data-storage){.learn-more}
```
